{\rtf1\ansi
THIS AGREEMENT TOGETHER WITH THE INVESTOR BUSINESS TERMS (“TERMS”), RELATED ACCOUNT OPENING\par
DOCUMENTS, THE HASHKEY EXCHANGE RULES, ELECTRONIC ACCESS AND TRADING ADDENDUM, AND ANY OTHER\par
RELEVANT AGREEMENTS INTO WHICH THE CLIENT AND HBL HAVE ENTERED AND THE RULES CONTAIN IMPORTANT\par
TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT COLLECTIVELY CONSTITUTE THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT ON ALL ACCOUNTS MAINTAINED\par
BETWEEN THE CLIENT AND HASH BLOCKCHAIN LIMITED(“HBL”).\par
\par
BY ACCESSING OR USING ANY BROKERAGE SERVICES PROVIDED BY HBL, YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE, ACCEPT, AND\par
AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OUTLINED IN THIS AGREEMENT. THIS ACCEPTANCE IS\par
EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON FIRST ACCESS OR USE OF OUR SERVICES. IF YOU, AS A CLIENT, DO NOT AGREE WITH\par
ANY PART OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU ARE ADVISED TO DISCONTINUE ACCESSING OR USING OUR\par
SERVICES IMMEDIATELY. PLEASE NOTE THAT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGES WITH OR\par
WITHOUT NOTICE, AND YOUR CONTINUED USE OF OUR SERVICES AFTER ANY CHANGES INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE\par
OF THE CHANGES.\par
\par
CERTAIN RISKS RELATING TO VIRTUAL ASSETS TRADING AND RELATED SERVICES WHICH HBL MAY IN ITS ABSOLUTE\par
DISCRETION PROVIDE TO THE CLIENT FROM TIME TO TIME ARE DESCRIBED IN THE TERMS. THESE TERMS DO NOT\par
DISCLOSE OR DISCUSS ALL OF THE RISKS, OR OTHER SIGNIFICANT ASPECTS, OF CONDUCTING TRANSACTIONS OR OF THE\par
TRANSACTIONS CONDUCTED. THE CLIENT SHOULD NOT CONSTRUE THESE OR ANY OTHER STATEMENTS AS LEGAL, TAX\par
OR FINANCIAL ADVICE. HBL IS NOT ACTING AS THE CLIENT’S FINANCIAL ADVISOR AND THE CLIENT MUST NOT REGARD\par
HBL AS ACTING IN THAT CAPACITY. THE CLIENT SHOULD CONSULT HIS OWN INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL ADVISORS\par
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION AND ONLY ENTER INTO A TRANSACTION IF THE CLIENT HAS FULLY\par
UNDERSTOOD ITS NATURE, THE CONTRACTUAL RELATIONSHIP INTO WHICH HE IS ENTERING, ALL RELEVANT TERMS\par
AND CONDITIONS AND THE NATURE AND EXTENT OF THE CLIENT’S EXPOSURE TO LOSS. THE CLIENT HAS BEEN\par
RECOMMENDED TO READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY AND RETAIN THESE FOR THE CLIENT’S RECORDS.\par
\par
SPECIAL RISK WARNING FOR NON-PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS. TRADING IN VIRTUAL ASSETS INVOLVES A HIGH LEVEL OF\par
RISK AND MAY NOT BE SUITABLE FOR ALL CLIENTS. VIRTUAL ASSETS ARE HIGHLY SPECULATIVE AND VOLATILE, WITH\par
THE POTENTIAL FOR SIGNIFICANT AND RAPID PRICE FLUCTUATIONS. CLIENTS SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER THEIR\par
INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES, LEVEL OF EXPERIENCE, AND RISK APPETITE BEFORE ENGAGING IN VIRTUAL ASSET TRADING.\par
CERTAIN TRADING PAIRS OR SERVICES MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE OR MAY BE RESTRICTED TO RETAIL CLIENTS.\par
\par
\par
            PART 1: GENERAL TERMS\par
\par
            1. General\par
\par
            1.1. The Client agrees to be bound by this Agreement which provides for additional terms\par
            applicable to the Brokerage Services provided by HBL. For the avoidance of doubt, all terms\par
            and conditions in the Terms shall, where the context so allows, continue to apply to the\par
            Brokerage Services.\par
\par
            1.2. This Agreement shall be part of the Terms and, without prejudice to the generality of\par
            the foregoing, where the context so allows, reference in the Terms to “these Terms”,\par
            howsoever expressed, shall be read and construed as reference to the Terms as\par
            supplemented by this Agreement.\par
            1.3. Save as expressly amended or supplemented by this Agreement, the Terms shall\par
            continue in full force and effect in all other respects.\par
\par
2. Definitions and Interpretation\par
\par
2.1. Capitalised terms used that are not otherwise specifically defined herein shall have the\par
same meaning given to such terms when used in the Terms.\par
\par
2.2. In this Agreement the following words and expressions shall have the following\par
meanings: -\par
\par
“Acceptance” has the meaning given to the term in Clause 3.1.4.\par
\par
“Agreed Channel” has the meaning given to the term in Clause 3.1.1.\par
\par
“Brokerage Platform” means an electronic platform operated by HBL for provision\par
of Brokerage Services through such website(s) as may be notified by HBL from time to time\par
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes all other subdomains).\par
\par
“Brokerage Platform Rules” means the terms and conditions, policy and any other rules\par
that apply to the Brokerage Platform, as published or notified by HBL from time to time.\par
\par
“Brokerage Services” means the Virtual Asset trading services that are provided by HBL to\par
the Client separately from HBL’s exchange platform subject to this Agreement and\par
Brokerage Platform Rules.\par
\par
“Brokerage Trading Hours” means the time-period during which Brokerage Services are\par
provided by HBL, as published by HBL or otherwise notified to the Client.\par
\par
“Brokerage Transaction” means any transaction conducted between the Client and HBL as\par
part of the Brokerage Services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. For the\par
avoidance of doubt, each Brokerage Transaction is an off-platform back-to-back transaction\par
where HBL, after receiving: (a) a purchase order from the Client, purchases a virtual asset\par
from a third party and then sells the same virtual asset to the Client; or (b) a sell order from\par
the Client, purchases a virtual asset from the Client and then sells the same virtual asset to a\par
third party, and no market risk is taken by HBL.\par
\par
“Brokerage Transaction Time” has the meaning given it in clause 3.1.6.\par
\par
“Client Brokerage Account” mean the account, wallet, address, or storage device as\par
designated by Client and whitelisted by HBL in connection with the Client’s use of Brokerage\par
Services.\par
\par
“Client Order” means a bid or an offer made by the Client to HBL in accordance with Clause\par
3.1.3 to purchase or sell a particular quantity of a specified Virtual Asset at a specified price\par
(whether such price is denominated in a fiat currency or another Virtual Asset).\par
\par
"HashKey Brokerage" means the suite of services including the Brokerage Services or any\par
other services designated as such by HBL under such trade name.\par
\par
“Hong Kong” means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.\par
\par
“Instant Messenger Platform” means the instant messenger communication system(s) that\par
is or are approved by HBL from time to time to be used to enter into Brokerage Transactions\par
pursuant to this Agreement.\par
\par
“Merchant” means any third-party approved by HBL to provide liquidity in relation to the\par
Brokerage Services. HBL specifically discloses to the Client that such third-party may be a\par
party affiliated with HBL.\par
\par
“OFAC” means the United States Office of Foreign Assets Control.\par
\par
“Person” means any individual, corporation, partnership, association, limited liability\par
company, trust, estate or other entity, either individually or collectively.\par
\par
“Quote” means a price (which may be denominated in a fiat currency or another Virtual\par
Asset) at which a seller is willing to sell or a buyer is willing to purchase (as the case may be)\par
a specified quantity of such Virtual Asset, submitted by HBL to the Client via Agreed Channel\par
in accordance with Clause 3.1.2 indicating potential and non-binding terms on which such\par
seller or buyer may be prepared to trade.\par
\par
“Request” means a request for quote submitted by the Client to HBL via Agreed Channel\par
and which specifies: (a) whether the Client is seeking to buy or sell a Virtual Asset; (b) the\par
relevant Virtual Asset/Fiat; (c) the quantity of the Virtual Asset/Fiat; (d) other related details\par
or arrangement.\par
\par
“Settlement Date” means, in respect of an Brokerage Transaction, the date(s) on which the\par
relevant consideration owing by one Party to the other Party shall be settled, as specified\par
within the Quote, Client Order or Acceptance or otherwise in accordance with the\par
Brokerage Platform Rules.\par
\par
“Virtual Asset Network” means the computer network which normally adopts the\par
distributed ledger technology to record Brokerage Transactions and govern the transfer of\par
the applicable Virtual Asset.\par
\par
2.3. References to dates and times in this Agreement and in documents entered into in\par
connection with this Agreement shall, unless otherwise specified, be construed as dates and\par
times of Hong Kong.\par
\par
\par
3. Brokerage Services\par
\par
3.1. Requests, Quotes, Client Orders and Acceptance\par
\par
3.1.1. During the term of this Agreement, the Client may submit a Request to HBL via an\par
Instant Messenger Platform, the Brokerage Platform, email or other agreed electronic\par
\par
instant messaging service or Brokerage Platform as available from time to time (“Agreed\par
Channel”). Upon submitting the Request, the Client shall ensure it has pre-funded sufficient\par
assets to the Client Brokerage Account in relation to the Request. Upon sending the\par
Request, the Client also authorise HBL to freeze the Client Brokerage Account to facilitate\par
the settlement and clearing of each Brokerage Transaction.\par
\par
3.1.2. HBL may respond to a Request for quote by obtaining and providing a Quote via\par
Agreed Channel to the Client. Alternatively, HBL may publish or communicate a Quote via\par
Agreed Channel for the Client to confirm and such confirmation from the Client shall be\par
deemed as Client Order.\par
\par
3.1.3. Following the receipt of a Quote, the Client may submit a Client Order via Agreed\par
Channel (by way of instruction or confirmation) to purchase or sell a particular quantity of a\par
specified Virtual Asset at a specified price (whether such price is denominated in a fiat\par
currency or another Virtual Asset) via Agreed Channel. Unless otherwise stipulated and\par
communicated by HBL, the Client shall confirm, modify or cancel such Client Order within\par
one (1) minute.\par
\par
3.1.4. HBL shall, at its sole discretion, accept (“Acceptance”) or reject (or fail to accept) any\par
Client Order via an Agreed Channel, provided that any Acceptance shall take place prior to\par
the receipt by HBL of any cancellation or modification by the Client of the Client’s relevant\par
Client Order. Should HBL not accept a Client Order, HBL may, at its sole and absolute\par
discretion, provide a further Quote to the Client or unfreeze the Client Brokerage Account in\par
relation to the Brokerage Transaction.\par
\par
3.1.5. Subject accordingly to Clause 3.1.7, any Acceptance by HBL shall be considered to be\par
irrevocable and, each of the Parties will be deemed to be entering into a legally binding\par
Brokerage Transaction to buy or sell (as applicable) the legal and beneficial title to, and all\par
rights and interests in, the relevant Virtual Asset free from encumbrances upon such terms\par
and at such price (whether denominated in a fiat currency or another Virtual Asset) as set\par
out, or referred to, in the relevant Client Order or Acceptance (an “Brokerage Transaction”).\par
All such Brokerage Transactions will be subject to the terms and conditions of this\par
Agreement and, where applicable, the Brokerage Platform Rules. For the avoidance of\par
doubt, any inconsistency among applicable terms shall be settled according to the following\par
order of priority: (a) trade confirmation sent by HBL (if any); (b) product terms / addendum /\par
schedules applicable to the specific product; (c) this Agreement; and (d) the Brokerage\par
Platform Rules.\par
\par
3.1.6. Following the entry into a Brokerage Transaction, HBL shall, send to the Client a\par
summary of the terms of the Brokerage Transaction as a record of the terms of the\par
Brokerage Transaction and contain details to identify such Brokerage Transaction including\par
the following information: (a) the type of Virtual Asset purchased or sold; (b) whether HBL is\par
purchasing or selling such Virtual Asset; (c) the price at which the Virtual Asset is purchased\par
or sold (“Brokerage Transaction Price”); and (d) the date and time of the Brokerage\par
Transaction (“Brokerage Transaction Time”); provided however that any failure to send, or a\par
delay in sending, such summary (or failure to include the specified information above) shall\par
\par
not affect the validity of a Brokerage Transaction (and shall not entitle the Client to any\par
claims in damages).\par
\par
3.1.7. Notwithstanding Clause 3.1.5 or any other provisions in this Clause 3, if HBL discovers\par
that any Quote, Client Order, Acceptance and/or summary contained any error in\par
connection with any Brokerage Transaction which results in an erroneous Brokerage\par
Transaction (including but are not limited to (i) Brokerage Transaction Prices that are\par
significantly different than prevailing market prices at the Brokerage Transaction Time; and\par
(ii) Brokerage Transaction Prices resulting from executions where the bid was greater than\par
its offer at the same Brokerage Transaction Time), HBL will notify the Client as soon as\par
reasonably practicable if an erroneous Brokerage Transaction is identified and any\par
Brokerage Transaction that would have been entered into but for this Clause 3.1.7 shall be\par
deemed null and void or may modify as agreed by HBL at its sole discretion. However, HBL\par
shall not be able to exercise its rights under this Clause 3.1.7 in respect of any Brokerage\par
Transaction where the consideration due to the Client has already been settled in\par
accordance with Clause 3.2 at the time of discovery of the error by HBL provided that should\par
a Client identify an erroneous Brokerage Transaction before the relevant Settlement Date,\par
Client is obliged to notify HBL of such error promptly, otherwise, HBL, within its sole\par
discretion, may declare such Brokerage Transaction null and void or may agree to modify\par
such Brokerage Transaction .\par
\par
3.1.8. Requests, Quotes, Client Orders and Acceptances may only be submitted, made or\par
received by the Client acting through any one of its Authorised Persons (or through the\par
Client itself or himself). HBL shall be entitled to assume, without independent verification,\par
that a person holding out to be an Authorised Person of the Client on an Agreed Channel is\par
indeed the Authorised Person.\par
\par
3.1.9. HBL makes no representations or warranties regarding the actions, functionality,\par
reliability or financial condition of any Merchants on the platform. Save for a Price\par
Adjustment Loss whereby HBL bears the loss, to the extent permitted by applicable laws,\par
HBL shall not be responsible or liable for any default, error or negligence of Merchants.\par
\par
3.1.10. HBL is not obligated to facilitate any transactions with Brokerage Services outside\par
the Brokerage Trading Hours. HBL reserves the right to adjust the Brokerage Trading Hours\par
at its sole discretion. Any changes to the Brokerage Trading Hours will be published by HBL\par
or otherwise notified to the Client in a timely manner.\par
\par
3.2 Settlement\par
\par
3.2.1 In connection with the entry into each Brokerage Transaction, in respect of the\par
consideration due from the Client for the Brokerage Transaction, the Client expressly\par
authorizes HBL to pay or deliver, after deduction of service fees, as applicable and in any\par
event by no later than the relevant Settlement Date:\par
\par
(a) such amount of fiat currency in immediately available funds; or\par
\par
(b) such quantity of the relevant Virtual Asset on the applicable Virtual Asset Network,\par
\par
to the relevant counterparty in each case as applicable to that Brokerage Transaction. The\par
Client agrees and acknowledges that with respect to all wire transfers from Client to HBL,\par
the name on the originating account must match exactly the Client name as provided by\par
Client to HBL. And in any event, HBL reserves the right to reject the wire transfer which are\par
deemed suspicious by HBL.\par
\par
The Client acknowledges that the successful execution of an Brokerage Transaction and its\par
exact Settlement Date may depend upon factors such as verification, settlement, and\par
processing by banks, the Merchants, the blockchain networks and other relevant third-party\par
service providers. Therefore, while HBL will strive to adhere to initially agreed Settlement\par
Dates, the precise timing of settlement may be subject to changes in response to these\par
external conditions. HBL reserves the right to adjust the Settlement Date due to such delays,\par
and any adjustments shall be communicated to the Client as soon as practically possible.\par
Such Settlement Date as communicated to the Client in writing from time to time shall\par
prevail.\par
\par
3.2.2. Following the entry into each Brokerage Transaction, and conditional on Client having\par
pre-funded and delivered the relevant amount of fiat currency or quantity of Virtual Asset\par
referred to in Clause 3.2.1, HBL shall as soon as reasonably practicable ensure that the\par
following is paid and/or delivered (and in any event by no later than the relevant Settlement\par
Date), after deduction of service fees:\par
\par
(a) such amount of fiat currency in immediately available funds; or\par
\par
(b) such quantity of the relevant Virtual Asset on the applicable Virtual Asset Network,\par
\par
in each case as applicable to that Brokerage Transaction to such account, wallet, address, or\par
storage device as designated by Client and whitelisted by HBL (or as otherwise agreed by\par
both Parties) (each, a “Client Brokerage Account”).\par
\par
3.2.3. Where HBL does not receive the consideration from the Client in accordance with\par
Clause 3.2.1 in full, HBL will not need to comply with its obligations in Clause 3.2.2, and HBL\par
shall have the right to terminate the relevant Brokerage Transaction in HBL’s sole discretion.\par
Virtual Assets shall be deemed to be received by HBL only upon the block containing the\par
relevant transfer details achieving a block height of such number (determined by HBL acting\par
in good faith) as would represent a definitive transfer.\par
\par
3.2.4. In connection with any Brokerage Transaction, if either Party mistakenly transfers an\par
amount of fiat currency or quantity of Virtual Asset to the other Party that exceeds the\par
relevant amount or quantity (as applicable) pursuant to the agreed terms of the Brokerage\par
Transaction, such excess shall be returned by the other Party to the first Party as soon as\par
reasonably practicable.\par
\par
3.2.5. HBL reserves the right to appoint a settlement/transaction agent to carry out the\par
transactions set out at Clauses 3.2.1 and 3.2.2 above on its behalf. Such\par
settlement/transaction agent (if appointed) will receive, pay out and/or deliver fiat currency\par
\par
or Virtual Asset (as the case may be) on behalf of HBL and the Parties agree that any such\par
fiat currency or Virtual Asset received, paid out and/or delivered by the settlement agent\par
shall be deemed as received, paid out and/or delivered by HBL itself (as the case may be).\par
\par
3.2.6. HBL acts on the Client's instructions in relation to each OPT Transaction. The Client\par
understands and agrees to bear all risks associated with these transactions, including but\par
not limited to financial, operational and other types of risk. These risks might arise from\par
factors such as delivery failures from other parties, settlement delays or failures, and system\par
or mechanism malfunctions. The Client expressly assumes all risks related to the settlement\par
of transactions, recognizing that successful settlement is subject to various factors outside\par
HBL's control such as market conditions, system availability, and third-party actions. Save for\par
a Price Adjustment Loss whereby HBL bears the loss, to the extent permitted by applicable\par
laws, HBL will not be liable for any failures or delays in carrying out these transactions,\par
including instances where Clients fail to deliver assets. Consequently, HBL does not\par
guarantee the timely, successful or complete settlement of transactions.\par
\par
3.3. Service fees: HBL is entitled to deduct or charge service fees in relation to Brokerage\par
Services. The applicable fees shall be published on HBL's official website or otherwise\par
notified to the Client. By proceeding with any Brokerage Transaction, the Client\par
acknowledges and agrees to the fee structure as published or notified by HBL and expressly\par
authorise HBL to deduct such fees as necessary.\par
\par
3.4. Trading Restrictions: HBL reserves the right, at its reasonable discretion, to impose,\par
amend, or remove restrictions, parameters, or limits applicable to any transaction or Client\par
of Brokerage Services. These measures may include but are not limited to: (i) controls over\par
maximum Request sizes; (ii) limits on HBL’s total exposure to Client; (iii) filters against\par
duplicative or clearly erroneous Requests and/or Brokerage Transactions; or (iv) any other\par
controls required by applicable regulations or HBL's internal policies and procedures.\par
Furthermore, HBL may only offer certain Virtual Assets under Brokerage Services exclusively\par
to Professional Investors. Such trading restrictions may delay, prevent, or modify the\par
submission and execution of Requests, including the decision by HBL not to respond to\par
and/or confirm certain Requests. The Client acknowledges and agrees to adhere to these\par
restrictions and to assume responsibility for any Request and/or Brokerage Transaction that\par
breaches these constraints or exceeds established limits. HBL retains the right to withhold\par
response or confirmation to any Request, even if it falls within the established parameters.\par
Any changes to these restrictions will be communicated to the Client in a timely manner,\par
where practicable.\par
\par
\par
4. Representations, Warranties and Undertakings\par
\par
4.1 Upon entry into this Agreement, immediately before each Instruction, and on the date\par
of each Brokerage Transaction and Settlement Date, the Client shall be deemed to repeat to\par
HBL the representations, warranties and undertakings set out in Clause 11 of the Terms.\par
\par
4.2 The Client agrees, understands and acknowledges that:\par
\par
(a) Principal Role: In providing the Brokerage services, HBL acts as a principal engaging in\par
off-platform back-to-back transactions with clients. The Client understands and\par
acknowledges to all risks associated with these transactions, including but not limited to\par
financial, operational, and other types of risk. These risks might arise from factors such as\par
delivery failures from other parties, settlement delays or failures, and system or mechanism\par
disruptions. The Client expressly assumes all risks related to the settlement of transactions,\par
recognizing that successful settlement is subject to various factors outside HBL's control\par
such as market conditions, system availability, and third-party actions. In the event of\par
default of a transaction by a Merchant, HBL shall communicate the change in status and any\par
potential resulting delay in settlement with the Client and nevertheless be committed to\par
honour the trade by formally resubmitting the client order to other LPs. Where the price\par
from such resubmission is worse than the original price, HBL is committed to bear the loss\par
and complete the Brokerage Transaction with the Client at the original price (“Price\par
Adjustment Loss”). Save as provided herein and as permitted by applicable laws, HBL will\par
not be liable for any failures or delays in carrying out these transactions, including instances\par
where Clients fail to deliver assets. Consequently, HBL does not guarantee the timely,\par
successful or complete settlement of transactions;\par
\par
(b) Affiliation with Virtual Asset Issuers: Save as specifically disclosed, HBL does not\par
maintain affiliations with any virtual asset issuers. Such affiliations, if any, will be managed\par
subject to the rules and policies set forth by the SFC;\par
\par
(c) Independence as Intermediary: Save as specifically disclosed, HBL asserts its role as an\par
independent intermediary in providing the Brokerage services. We will refrain from\par
accepting fees, commissions, or any other monetary gains from any parties concerning our\par
distribution of virtual assets or making virtual assets accessible for your trading. Save as\par
specifically disclosed, we do not have affiliations, legal ties, or financial connections with\par
virtual asset issuers, and we also do not receive any non-monetary benefits from any party\par
that could potentially compromise our impartiality towards any specific virtual asset, class\par
of virtual assets, or any virtual asset issuer;\par
\par
(d) Benefit from Price Improvements: HBL discloses and the Client expressly agrees that\par
HBL shall fully retain any monetary benefit arising from price improvements in Brokerage\par
Transactions. The Client further understands that such monetary benefit may be up to 1% of\par
the transaction amount, and should the monetary benefit retained from price\par
improvements exceed this 1% threshold, HBL will disclose the actual amount of such excess\par
or actual amount of the monetary benefit of the transaction to the client on a post\par
transaction basis in writing as soon as possible;\par
\par
(e) The Client expressly authorizes HBL to initiate, facilitate, confirm, and settle all\par
transactions executed by the Client in accordance with the terms stipulated in this\par
Agreement. The Client further authorizes HBL to take any necessary actions relating to the\par
Client's accounts, including but not limited to freezing, unfreezing, adjusting the balance,\par
suspending or conducting other activities as may be required to facilitate the execution and\par
settlement of transactions as envisioned herein;\par
\par
(f) The Client certifies and warrants that it complies, and will continue to comply, with all\par
applicable anti-money laundering (AML), know-your-customer (KYC), and sanctions laws,\par
regulations, and obligations;\par
\par
(g) All accounts or wallet addresses provided by the Client are owned exclusively by the\par
Client, and no third party has any rights, claims, interests, or control over these accounts or\par
wallet addresses;\par
\par
(h) In addition to the onboarding requirements for HashKey Exchange, HBL may request\par
documents for KYC (Know Your Customer) and AML (Anti-Money Laundering) purposes.\par
Client hereby represents and warrants that all the documents and information furnished by\par
it are true, accurate and complete in all respects, and there is no matter, event,\par
circumstance or any other information which has arisen which would make any documents\par
and information provided misleading or incomplete, or any fact or information the omission\par
of which would make any documents and information provided misleading or incomplete;\par
\par
(i) each Client Brokerage Account (i.e. any account, wallet, address, or storage device as\par
designated Client (or as otherwise agreed by both Parties)) is legally and beneficially solely\par
owned by the Client at all times, including but not limited to immediately prior and after\par
each Brokerage Transaction;\par
\par
(j) HBL is not providing and will not provide any fiduciary, advisory, exchange or other\par
similar services with respect to the Client, any Person related to or affiliated with the Client,\par
or any Brokerage Transaction subject to this Agreement;\par
\par
(k) HBL is not making any express or implied representations or warranties in respect of the\par
functionality, usability, tradability, technical specifications or other characteristics of any\par
Virtual Asset or any Virtual Asset Network;\par
\par
(l) notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement, any obligation by HBL to pay,\par
transfer and/or deliver any Virtual Assets to the Client are deemed to be fulfilled in full\par
where HBL has taken all reasonable steps (including the issuance of transfer instructions to\par
the relevant Virtual Asset Network) to effect the transfer of such Virtual Assets,\par
notwithstanding any security breaches to any Client Brokerage Account or any\par
malfunctioning or hacking of the relevant Virtual Asset Network or any other technological\par
issues. Further, in connection with any Brokerage Transaction, if, due to causes beyond\par
HBL’s control, HBL is unable to access Virtual Assets in a HBL Wallet or otherwise obtain,\par
withdraw, or effect a transfer of the relevant Virtual Assets, HBL shall have the option to\par
terminate and rescind any Brokerage Transaction, in which case the Client shall be refunded\par
any fiat currency or Virtual Asset received by HBL in accordance with Clause 3.2.1;\par
\par
(m) Client has such knowledge and experience in financial matters, business and technology,\par
including but not limited to blockchain technology and other considerations relating thereto\par
to be able to evaluate the risks and merits of this Agreement and Brokerage Transaction(s)\par
to be entered into by Client pursuant to this Agreement and is able to bear such risks; and\par
\par
(n) The Client recognizes that the nature of Brokerage Transactions carries an inherent risk,\par
including but not limited to, the risk of failing to deliver or receive the agreed upon assets in\par
a timely manner and the potential for fraudulent or erroneous transactions. The Client\par
acknowledges that HBL does not have control over the counterparties or settlement process\par
and is not responsible for any losses or damages that might occur as a result of settlement-\par
related issues beyond its control.\par
\par
4.2.1. The Client further agrees, represents and warrants that: (a) in entering into any such\par
Brokerage Transactions, the Client has not relied on any statement or other representation\par
or warranty of HBL other than as expressly set forth herein; (b) the entry into this\par
Agreement and any Brokerage Transactions, and the trading of Virtual Assets pursuant\par
thereto, by the Client will not violate any applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, rules,\par
regulations, judgments, injunctions, orders and decrees (“Laws”) in which the Client is\par
incorporated, located, or domiciled or any other applicable Laws. The Client will seek advice\par
from independent professional advisors where appropriate.\par
\par
4.2.2. Client Misconduct: The Client agrees not to engage in any fraudulent activity, market\par
manipulation, misuse of the platform, or any other conduct that breaches the obligations\par
under this Agreement, the Terms or any applicable law or regulation, including without\par
limitation, activities such as unauthorized access to other Client accounts, abusive trading\par
strategies, or any other disruptive or deceptive practices. If HBL, in its sole discretion,\par
suspects or determines that the Client has violated any of these terms or any applicable law\par
or regulation, HBL reserves the right to investigate the matter and, depending on the\par
severity of the violation, take appropriate action. This may include, but is not limited to, the\par
suspension or termination of the relevant Client's account or functionality, reporting the\par
conduct to relevant authorities, or pursuing legal action. The Client hereby acknowledges\par
and accepts that any losses, damages or liabilities arising as a result of their misconduct or\par
violation of this Agreement, the Terms or any applicable law or regulation shall fall\par
exclusively under their responsibility. Further, the Client agrees that HBL shall not be held\par
accountable or liable for any such losses, damages or liabilities originating from the Client's\par
actions contrary to this Agreement, the Terms or any applicable law or regulation.\par
\par
5. Supplementary Provisions\par
5.1. Amendment: HBL reserves the right to modify or amend this Agreement at any time\par
and at its sole discretion whenever deemed necessary, with or without notice.\par
\par
5.1.1 Data Consent: The Client hereby grants consent to HBL to collect, retain, and relay any\par
data, personal or otherwise, provided by the Client in relation to the Brokerage Services.\par
This consent includes, but is not limited to, data necessary for record-keeping purposes,\par
compliance with regulatory requirements, the proper facilitation, and administration of the\par
Brokerage Services. HBL will retain this data for a period as required by applicable laws or as\par
necessary for the purposes stated herein. The data collected will be handled in accordance\par
with HBL's Privacy Policy. The Client may withdraw this consent at any time, subject to legal\par
or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice.\par
\par
5.2. Limitation of Liability\par
\par
(a) Under no circumstance shall HBL, inclusive of its directors, officers, employees,\par
contractors, agents, and affiliates (collectively, the "HBL Parties"), be liable for any special,\par
indirect, incidental, punitive, consequential, or exemplary damages of any kind (including\par
but not limited to damages resulting from loss of profits, loss of business, loss of data, loss\par
of goodwill, or business interruption), regardless of whether such damages are based on\par
warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability, or any other legal theory, that\par
arise out of or in connection with any Brokerage Transaction or this Agreement, even if the\par
HBL Parties have been expressly advised of the potential for such damages.\par
(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this agreement, HBL Parties disclaim all\par
responsibility and liability for any default, error, or negligence by third-party merchants or\par
entities. Furthermore, save for a Price Adjustment Loss whereby HBL bears the loss, HBL\par
Parties expressly disclaim all liability for any delay, failure, or disruption in the settlement of\par
transactions, loss of assets in Client accounts, or any actions or decisions made in relation to\par
the initiation, facilitation, confirmation, or settlement of transactions that are caused by\par
circumstances beyond the reasonable control of HBL.\par
(c) HBL Parties shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage resulting from any\par
cause beyond their reasonable control, including, but not limited to, hardware or software\par
failures or malfunctions, disruptions or latency in internet or network access, blockchain-\par
related issues, unauthorized access or theft, operator errors, labor disputes, acts of nature,\par
wars, or restrictions imposed by any government or regulatory authority.\par
(d) HBL Parties assume no liability for any loss or damage arising from any actions, decisions,\par
or omissions by the Client, including, but not limited to, any breach of this Agreement or any\par
inaccuracies, errors, or delays in information provided by the Client.\par
(e) The total aggregate liability of HBL Parties in relation to any Brokerage Transaction will in\par
no event exceed the lesser of: (i) the consideration (as denominated in the relevant fiat\par
currency or Virtual Asset) owed by HBL to the Client in respect of that Brokerage\par
Transaction, or (ii) the actual amount of direct damages incurred by the Client. The\par
existence of multiple claims will not serve to increase this limit. The Client acknowledges\par
and agrees that these limitations of liability are an essential basis of this Agreement and that\par
HBL would not consent to any Brokerage Transaction without these limitations.\par
\par
5.3. Governing Law\par
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Hong\par
Kong. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with these Terms\par
shall be finally and exclusively settled by arbitration in Hong Kong by the Hong Kong\par
International Arbitration Centre (“HKIAC”) in accordance with HKIAC Administered\par
Arbitration Rules in force when the notice of arbitration is submitted. The law of this\par
arbitration clause shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with Hong Kong law. The\par
seat of arbitration shall be Hong Kong. The number of arbitrators shall be three. The\par
arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in English.\par
\par
5.4. Language\par
If there is any inconsistency or conflict between the English and Chinese versions of this\par
Agreement, the English version shall prevail.\par
\par
Electronic Access and Trading Addendum\par
\par
1. Trading System. HBL may provide Client online access to Brokerage Platform or any\par
proprietary electronic trading system (the “Trading System”) for use in connection with the\par
Trading Services. If Client utilizes the Trading System, the term “Trading Services” as used\par
herein shall be deemed to include the Trading System. Any access to and use of the Trading\par
System will be subject to the terms of this Electronic Access and Trading Addendum\par
(“Electronic Trading Addendum”).\par
2. Executed Brokerage Transactions. If HBL accepts a duly made Request through the\par
Trading System, the resulting Brokerage Transaction (each, a “Brokerage Transaction”) will\par
be deemed a completed Brokerage Transaction for purposes of the Agreement.\par
3. License. HBL hereby grants Client, for the term of the Electronic Trading Addendum, a\par
limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable and non-sublicensable license to use\par
(and allow its Authorized Users to use) the Trading System pursuant to the terms of the\par
Electronic Trading Addendum. HBL or its licensors retain all rights, title and interest in and\par
to the Trading System, including all source code, object code, data, information, copyrights,\par
trademarks, patents, inventions and trade secrets embodied therein, and all other rights not\par
expressly granted to Client hereunder. Nothing in the Electronic Trading Addendum\par
constitutes a waiver of any of HBL’s rights under the intellectual property laws of the United\par
States, Hong Kong, Singapore or any other jurisdiction or under any other federal, state, or\par
foreign laws.\par
4. Security and Access. Client may access the Trading Services only through use of one or\par
more passwords, security devices or other access methods as provided by HBL (collectively,\par
“Access Methods”). Client is solely responsible for ensuring that Client’s Access Methods\par
are known to and used by only those users that Client authorizes (“Authorized\par
Users”). Client agrees to comply with any reasonable procedures established by HBL for the\par
pre-approval and authorization of Authorized Users. Client acknowledges that HBL, in its\par
sole discretion, may deny access to the Trading Services to any user of Client’s Access\par
Methods. Client will be (i) solely responsible for all acts or omissions of any person using\par
the Trading Services through Client’s Access Methods, (ii) solely responsible for any losses,\par
damages or costs that Client may incur as a result of errors made by, or the failure of, the\par
software or equipment that Client or any Authorized Users use to access the Trading\par
Services, and (iii) without limitation of the foregoing or any other provision of the Electronic\par
Trading Addendum, bound by the terms of any and all Brokerage Transactions executed\par
and/or Requests accepted through the Trading System using Client’s Access Methods, in\par
each case unless due to HBL’s willful misconduct. All transmissions generated by use of\par
Client’s Access Methods will be deemed to be authorized by Client and made by an\par
Authorized User whether or not HBL acknowledges receipt of such transmission and HBL\par
shall be entitled to act in reliance on such deemed authorization, unless due to HBL’s willful\par
misconduct. If any of Client’s Access Methods have been modified, lost, stolen or\par
compromised, Client will promptly notify HBL. Upon receipt of this notice, such Access\par
Methods will be cancelled or suspended as soon as is reasonably practicable, but Client is\par
responsible for any actions taken through the use of such Access Methods prior to such\par
cancellation. Client will immediately report any apparent malfunction or breach of security\par
of which Client becomes aware or experiences with the Trading Services. In the event of a\par
dispute, HBL’s communications and Brokerage Transactions log of all Quotes, Brokerage\par
Transactions and communications regarding Brokerage Transactions by Client or its\par
Authorized Users or their Access Methods (the “Brokerage Transactions Log”) will be\par
conclusive evidence of the communications contained in them. Client agrees not to contest\par
\par
the validity or enforceability of the Brokerage Transactions Log in any legal proceedings\par
between the Parties.\par
5. Use of the Trading Services.\par
5.1 HBL may at any time, in its sole discretion, restrict the number of Authorized Users and\par
impose restrictions, limits or parameters on Requests or Clients. HBL maintains filters to\par
prevent Requests that do not comply with financial, operational and risk control\par
requirements. These pre-trade restrictions, limits and parameters may delay or prevent\par
Requests from being submitted, require HBL to not respond to and/or confirm Requests, or\par
result in delays in the execution of Brokerage Transactions. Such restrictions, limits and\par
parameters may be amended, increased, decreased, removed or added to by HBL in its sole\par
discretion, upon notice to Client, if practicable, and may include (without limitation): (i)\par
controls over maximum Request sizes; (ii) controls over HBL’s total exposure to Client; (iii)\par
controls over Requests and/or Brokerage Transactions that may indicate duplicative or\par
clearly erroneous Requests and/or Brokerage Transactions; or (iv) any other restrictions,\par
limits, parameters or controls that HBL may be required to implement in accordance with\par
applicable regulations or its internal policies and procedures. Client agrees to abide by such\par
restrictions and to be responsible for any Request and/or Brokerage Transaction that\par
violates such restrictions or exceeds such limits. Even if a Request is within the restrictions,\par
limits and parameters set by HBL, HBL has sole discretion to not respond to and/or confirm\par
such Request.\par
5.2 HBL has no responsibility for the transmission of Requests that are inaccurate or not\par
received by HBL, and Brokerage Transactions may be executed on the terms actually\par
received by HBL.\par
5.3 Client agrees that HBL, in providing access to the Trading Services, has not acted and is\par
not acting as a fiduciary and has not provided (or held itself out as providing)\par
recommendations or advice respecting particular investment decisions.\par
5.4 Client may not make the Trading Services available in any form to any person or entity\par
without the prior written consent of HBL, except as permitted under the Electronic Trading\par
Addendum. Client may not rent, sublicense, sell or lease, directly or indirectly, the Trading\par
System or any portion thereof to any third party, and may not alter, modify, decompile,\par
disassemble, or reverse engineer the Trading System. Any attempt to use, copy, or convey\par
the Trading System in a manner contrary to the terms of the Electronic Trading Addendum\par
or in competition with HBL or in derogation of HBL’s proprietary rights, whether such rights\par
are stated herein or determined by law or otherwise, will result in the Electronic Trading\par
Addendum being automatically terminated and HBL shall have all rights and remedies\par
available to it under applicable law, including without limitation, the right to immediate\par
injunctive relief. Client hereby acknowledges that all other remedies are inadequate.\par
5.5 Client acknowledges that Brokerage Transactions will be executed at the price in the\par
Quote, which may be different from the price at which the Virtual Asset is trading in other\par
markets or with other counterparties when the Brokerage Transaction is completed.\par
5.6 The Trading Services may malfunction or become temporarily unavailable due to a\par
computer malfunction or network congestion or some other reason. HBL does not\par
guarantee that the Trading Services will be available at all times, and it is not responsible for\par
losses, damages or costs incurred or suffered by Client as a result of the unavailability or\par
malfunction of the Trading Services.\par
5.7 Regardless of any other provision of the Electronic Trading Addendum, HBL has the right\par
to suspend or terminate (at any time, with or without cause or prior notice) all or any part of\par
\par
the Trading Services, or Client’s access thereto, for any reason, including but not limited to,\par
changing the features or functionality of the Trading Services, or changing the limits on the\par
trading Client may conduct through the Trading Services, all without any liability to\par
Client. Client understands it can have no expectation of any use or continued use of the\par
Trading Services.\par
6. Representations and Warranties. Client represents and warrants as follows, which\par
representations and warranties will be deemed repeated each time Client uses the Trading\par
Services:\par
6.1 All necessary action has been taken to authorize Client to enter into the Electronic\par
Trading Addendum, and the Electronic Trading Addendum is valid and binding upon it.\par
6.2 All information contained herein and in any form or other document provided to HBL is\par
true and complete in all respects, except to the extent that Client has provided notice of any\par
change to HBL.\par
6.3 Client’s use of the Trading Services will comply with all applicable statutes, regulations,\par
rules, judgments, orders, decrees, rulings, charges and other restrictions of any government,\par
governmental agency, or court (“Applicable Law”).\par
7. Data. With respect to any Quote, market data or other data or information that HBL\par
provides to Client in connection with Client’s use of the Trading Services, Client agrees that\par
(i) HBL is not responsible or liable if any such Quote, data or information is inaccurate or\par
incomplete in any respect; (ii) HBL is not responsible or liable for any actions that Client\par
takes or does not take based on such Quote, data or information; (iii) Client will use such\par
Quote, data or information solely for the purposes set forth in the Electronic Trading\par
Addendum and in compliance with Applicable Law; and (iv) such Quote, data or information\par
is proprietary to HBL or its licensors, and Client will not (x) distribute, retransmit, display or\par
otherwise disclose or make available such Quote, market data or other data or information\par
to third parties except as required by Applicable Law, nor (y) enhance, alter or make\par
derivative works from such Quote, market data or other data or information, or combine\par
such Quote, market data or other data or information with any other information without\par
the prior written consent of HBL.\par
8. Other Activities. HBL may engage in trading in the markets reflected through the Trading\par
Services for HBL’s proprietary accounts, which could affect the value or terms of Brokerage\par
Transactions and HBL may enter into Brokerage Transactions at prices different from the\par
prices reflected to Client through the Trading Services.\par
9 Monitoring. HBL reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to monitor all uses of the\par
Trading System to ensure compliance with the Electronic Trading Addendum and the\par
policies and procedures of HBL and its affiliates in effect from time to time. Client\par
acknowledges and agrees that HBL and its affiliates have the right to monitor, record and\par
investigate all uses of the Trading System by Client.\par
10 Limitation of Liability; No Warranty.\par
10.1 HBL EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR ANY DELAY IN EXECUTION OR THE FAILURE\par
TO EXECUTE ANY BROKERAGE TRANSACTION MADE THROUGH USE OF THE TRADING\par
SERVICES. HBL FURTHER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR CLIENT’S INABILITY TO ENTER,\par
EXECUTE OR CANCEL ALL OR PART OF ANY BROKERAGE TRANSACTION EFFECTED THROUGH\par
USE OF THE TRADING SERVICES. CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT HBL IS NOT A\par
GUARANTOR OF ANY INVESTMENT MADE HEREUNDER. IN NO EVENT WILL HBL BE LIABLE\par
TO CLIENT OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOSSES, LIABILITIES, DAMAGES, FEES OR\par
EXPENSES OF CLIENT ARISING FROM THE ELECTRONIC TRADING ADDENDUM, THE TRADING\par
\par
SYSTEM OR ANY QUOTES OR OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THE TRADING\par
SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, TRADING\par
LOSSES, LOSS OF USE, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL,\par
LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY, LOSS OF INVESTMENTS OR EXPENDITURES OR ANY OTHER SUCH\par
DAMAGES, ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES\par
OF ANY KIND, WHETHER IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY\par
OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT HBL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH\par
DAMAGES. CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT DETRIMENTAL FINANCIAL RESULTS MAY OCCUR\par
THROUGH USE OF THE TRADING SERVICES AND ACCEPTS ALL FINANCIAL CONSEQUENCES\par
RESULTING FROM SUCH USE. THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF CLIENT FOR ANY\par
BREACH OF THE ELECTRONIC TRADING ADDENDUM BY HBL SHALL BE TERMINATION OF THE\par
ELECTRONIC TRADING ADDENDUM.\par
10.2 THE TRADING SYSTEM IS LICENSED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS,\par
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND HBL SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS AND\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES REGARDING THE TRADING SYSTEM, INCLUDING WITHOUT\par
LIMITATION, (A) THE WARRANTIES THAT IT IS FREE OF DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A\par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING, (B) THAT THE TRADING SYSTEM WILL BE\par
UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR FREE OR FREE OF HARMFUL COMPONENTS, AND (C) THAT ANY\par
INFORMATION PROVIDED BY CLIENT WILL BE SECURE AND NOT LOST OR DAMAGED. THE\par
ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE TRADING SYSTEM IS BORNE\par
BY CLIENT. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THE\par
ELECTRONIC TRADING ADDENDUM. NO USE OF THE TRADING SYSTEM IS AUTHORIZED\par
HEREUNDER EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ELECTRONIC TRADING ADDENDUM.\par
11 General Provisions. The Electronic Trading Addendum and the Agreement contain the\par
entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and\par
supersede all prior Agreements and understandings, written or oral, between the parties\par
with respect thereto. In the event of any conflict between the Electronic Trading Addendum\par
and the Agreement or the Terms, the terms of the Electronic Trading Addendum will control\par
regarding the Trading Services. The Electronic Trading Addendum may be executed in one\par
or more counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original,\par
but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same\par
instrument. Transmission by telecopy, email or other form of electronic transmission of an\par
executed counterpart of the Electronic Trading Addendum shall be deemed to constitute\par
due and sufficient execution and delivery of such counterpart.\par

}
