{\rtf1\ansi
Docusign Envelope ID: 8B644DEF-B02C-4A26-A4E7-6FB00630DB3D\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
                                                       TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
\par
\par
               The terms and conditions (hereinafter the “T&C”) set forth herein shall govern all and any use of the\par
               Solution (as defined in Section 1.5.), therefore please read the T&C carefully as by using our\par
               Solution the Client (as defined below) acknowledges that they have read, understood and agreed to\par
               be legally bound by these.\par
\par
               The T&C set forth herein form a legally binding contract between:\par
\par
               (1) Vespia OÜ (as defined below; hereinafter “Vespia”)\par
\par
               and\par
\par
               (2) Company name           NxTreasury Private Limited\par
\par
                                          75683209-000-09-24-2\par
               registration code:\par
\par
               VAT nr:                    N/A\par
\par
               registered address:        9F, Sun House, 181 Des Voeux Rd Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong\par
\par
               email:                    atul@nxtreasury.com\par
\par
                                         atul@nxtreasury.com\par
               billing email:\par
\par
               (hereinafter the “Client”).\par
\par
               The T&C explains how the Client is permitted to use the Solution (as defined in Section 1.5.). A more\par
               detailed description of the Solution can be found below under the section ‘Nature of Solution’.\par
\par
\par
               1.        ​   DEFINITIONS\par
\par
               The expressions indicated hereunder shall have the following meaning in the present T&C and in\par
               relation to it, the words used in the T&C in the singular shall also mean the plural and vice versa, and\par
               the words in the masculine gender shall also mean the feminine gender and vice versa.\par
\par
               1.1.​         Access Data – information needed to access the Client’s user account as made available\par
                             by Vespia;\par
\par
               1.2.​         Client – a natural or legal person who has signed the T&C with Vespia or accepted the\par
                             T&C, as the case may be;\par
\par
               1.3.​         Client’s customer – a customer, partner, supplier, merchant, investor, or another legal or\par
                             natural person whom the Client wishes to verify via using of the Solution;\par
\par
               1.4.​         Client Data – any and all information (incl. Personal Data) uploaded to or obtained via the\par
                             use of the Solution or otherwise made available to Vespia by the Client (incl. its employees,\par
                             legal or authorised representatives) or the Client's customer, as the case may be, and\par
                             regardless of the format of such information;\par
\par
               1.5.​         Solution – Vespia’s software as a service solution, digital solutions for verifying and\par
                             onboarding legal and private entities with the aim to minimise the risk of fraud and staying\par
                             compliant with AML regulations, as well as building trust. The Solution includes the Vespia\par
                             Dashboard, Vespia Passport, Vespia API, Vespia Onboarding Flow (SDK), Vespia\par
                             Compliance Officer as a Service, white label, monitoring, customization, and other AML\par
                             compliance solutions as may be added or removed from the Solution from time to time.\par
                             The Solution will be available to the Client in the extent of the chosen subscription\par
                             package.\par
\par
                                                                                                                   1\par

}
