{\rtf1\ansi
THIS AGREEMENT TOGETHER WITH THE INVESTOR BUSINESS TERMS ("TERMS"), RELATED ACCOUNT OPENING\par
DOCUMENTS, THE HASHKEY EXCHANGE RULES, ELECTRONIC ACCESS AND TRADING ADDENDUM, AND ANY OTHER\par
RELEVANT AGREEMENTS INTO WHICH THE CLIENT AND HBL HAVE ENTERED AND THE RULES CONTAIN IMPORTANT\par
TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT COLLECTIVELY CONSTITUTE THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT ON ALL ACCOUNTS MAINTAINED\par
BETWEEN THE CLIENT AND HASH BLOCKCHAIN LIMITED("HBL").\par
\par
BY ACCESSING OR USING ANY BROKERAGE SERVICES PROVIDED BY HBL, YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE, ACCEPT, AND\par
AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OUTLINED IN THIS AGREEMENT.\par
\par
            PART 1: GENERAL TERMS\par
\par
            1. General\par
\par
            1.1. The Client agrees to be bound by this Agreement which provides for additional terms\par
            applicable to the Brokerage Services provided by HBL. For the avoidance of doubt, all terms\par
            and conditions in the Terms shall, where the context so allows, continue to apply to the\par
            Brokerage Services.\par
\par
            1.2. This Agreement shall be part of the Terms and, without prejudice to the generality of\par
            the foregoing, where the context so allows, reference in the Terms to "these Terms",\par
            howsoever expressed, shall be read and construed as reference to the Terms as\par
            supplemented by this Agreement.\par
\par
            2. Definitions and Interpretation\par
\par
            2.1. In this Agreement, capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth in the Terms\par
            unless otherwise specifically defined herein.\par
\par
            3. Brokerage Services\par
\par
            3.1. HBL may, in its sole discretion, provide Brokerage Services to the Client from time to time.\par
\par
            4. Representations, Warranties and Undertakings\par
\par
            4.1. The Client represents, warrants and undertakes that:\par
            (a) all information provided is accurate and complete;\par
            (b) the Client will comply with all applicable laws and regulations.\par
\par
            5. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution\par
\par
            5.1. Amendment\par
\par
            This Agreement may be amended by HBL from time to time.\par
\par
            5.2. Governing Law\par
\par
            This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Hong Kong.\par
\par
            5.3. Dispute Resolution\par
\par
            Any disputes arising from this Agreement shall be resolved through arbitration under HKIAC Rules.\par
\par
            6. Miscellaneous\par
\par
            6.1. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties.\par
\par
            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.\par
\par
            HASH BLOCKCHAIN LIMITED\par
\par
            By: ____________________\par
            Name: John Smith\par
            Title: Director\par
\par
            CLIENT:\par
\par
            By: ____________________\par
            Name: [CLIENT NAME]\par
            Registration Code: [REG CODE]\par
            Address: [ADDRESS]\par
            Email: [EMAIL]\par
}
