{\rtf1\ansi\deff0 {\fonttbl {\f0 Times New Roman;}}
\f0\fs24 
\par \b SERVICE AGREEMENT\b0
\par 
\par This Service Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into on January 15, 2024, between Hash Blockchain Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong ("Company"), and Digital Solutions Corp, a Delaware corporation ("Client").
\par 
\par \b 1. DEFINITIONS\b0
\par 
\par 1.1 "Company" means Hash Blockchain Limited and its affiliates.
\par 1.2 "Services" means the blockchain consulting services described in Schedule A.
\par 1.3 "Confidential Information" means any proprietary information disclosed by either party.
\par 
\par \b 2. SERVICES\b0
\par 
\par 2.1 Company shall provide the Services to Client in accordance with the specifications set forth in Schedule A.
\par 2.2 All Services shall be performed by Company's qualified personnel under Company's supervision.
\par 
\par \b 3. GOVERNING LAW\b0
\par 
\par 3.1 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Hong Kong.
\par 3.2 Any disputes arising under this Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Hong Kong.
\par 
\par \b 4. LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION\b0
\par 
\par 4.1 Client shall indemnify and hold harmless Company from any claims arising from Client's use of the Services.
\par 4.2 Company's liability under this Agreement shall be limited to the amount of fees paid by Client.
\par 4.3 In no event shall Company be liable for any indirect, special, or consequential damages.
\par 
\par \b 5. TERMINATION\b0
\par 
\par 5.1 Either party may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days written notice.
\par 5.2 Upon termination, all obligations under Section 4 shall survive.
\par 
\par \b 6. SIGNATURES\b0
\par 
\par Hash Blockchain Limited
\par 
\par By: _________________________
\par Name: John Smith
\par Title: Chief Executive Officer
\par Address: 123 Central Road, Hong Kong
\par 
\par Digital Solutions Corp
\par 
\par By: _________________________
\par Name: Jane Doe  
\par Title: President
\par Address: 456 Delaware Ave, Wilmington, DE
\par 
}