 {\rtf1\ansi
THIS AGREEMENT TOGETHER WITH THE INVESTOR BUSINESS TERMS ("TERMS"), RELATED ACCOUNT OPENING\par
DOCUMENTS, THE DIGITAL FINANCE CORP EXCHANGE RULES, ELECTRONIC ACCESS AND TRADING ADDENDUM, AND ANY OTHER\par
RELEVANT AGREEMENTS INTO WHICH THE CLIENT AND DIGITAL FINANCE CORP HAVE ENTERED AND THE RULES CONTAIN IMPORTANT\par
TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT COLLECTIVELY CONSTITUTE THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT ON ALL ACCOUNTS MAINTAINED\par
BETWEEN THE CLIENT AND DIGITAL FINANCE CORP ("DIGITAL FINANCE CORP").\par
\par
            PART 1: GENERAL TERMS\par
\par
            1. General\par
\par
            1.1. The Client agrees to be bound by this Agreement which provides for additional terms\par
            applicable to the Brokerage Services provided by DIGITAL FINANCE CORP. For the avoidance of doubt, all terms\par
            and conditions in the Terms shall, where the context so allows, continue to apply to the\par
            Brokerage Services as referenced in Clause 1.2 and Clause 4.1.\par
\par
            1.2. This Agreement shall be part of the Terms and, without prejudice to the generality of\par
            the foregoing, where the context so allows, reference in the Terms to "these Terms",\par
            howsoever expressed, shall be read and construed as reference to the Terms as\par
            supplemented by this Agreement in accordance with Clause 1.1.\par
\par
            2. Definitions and Interpretation\par
\par
            2.1. Capitalised terms used that are not otherwise specifically defined herein shall have the same meaning given to such terms when used in the Terms.\par
\par
            2.2. In this Agreement the following words and expressions shall have the following meanings:\par
\par
"Acceptance" has the meaning given to the term in Clause 3.1.4.\par
\par
"Brokerage Services" means the Virtual Asset trading services that are provided by DIGITAL FINANCE CORP to the Client separately from DIGITAL FINANCE CORP's exchange platform subject to this Agreement and Brokerage Platform Rules.\par
\par
"Brokerage Transaction" means any transaction conducted between the Client and DIGITAL FINANCE CORP as part of the Brokerage Services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement as referenced in Clause 3.1.5 and Clause 3.2.1.\par
\par
"Client Order" means a bid or an offer made by the Client to DIGITAL FINANCE CORP in accordance with Clause 3.1.3 to purchase or sell a particular quantity of a specified Virtual Asset at a specified price.\par
\par
"Singapore" means the Republic of Singapore.\par
\par
            3. Brokerage Services\par
\par
            3.1. DIGITAL FINANCE CORP may, in its sole discretion, provide Brokerage Services to the Client from time to time subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Clause 3.2 and Clause 4.1.\par
\par
            3.2. Following the receipt of a Quote, the Client may submit a Client Order via Agreed Channel to purchase or sell a particular quantity of a specified Virtual Asset at a specified price. DIGITAL FINANCE CORP shall, at its sole discretion, accept or reject any Client Order, provided that any Acceptance shall create a binding Brokerage Transaction as defined in Clause 2.2 above.\par
\par
            4. Representations, Warranties and Undertakings\par
\par
            4.1. The Client represents, warrants and undertakes that:\par
            (a) all information provided to DIGITAL FINANCE CORP is accurate and complete as referenced in Clause 1.1;\par
            (b) the Client will comply with all applicable laws and regulations as specified in Clause 6.2;\par
            (c) each Client Brokerage Account is legally and beneficially solely owned by the Client at all times.\par
\par
            5. Liability and Indemnification\par
\par
            5.1. Digital Finance Corp's Limitation of Liability\par
\par
            Digital Finance Corp shall not be liable to the Client for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, including but not limited to loss of profits, data, or business interruption, even if Digital Finance Corp has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Digital Finance Corp's total liability to the Client shall not exceed the amount of fees paid by the Client to DIGITAL FINANCE CORP in the twelve months preceding the claim.\par
\par
            5.2. Client Indemnification\par
\par
            The Client shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Digital Finance Corp and its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, and agents from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs, and expenses (including reasonable legal fees) arising from or related to the Client's breach of this Agreement as referenced in Clause 4.1 or violation of applicable laws.\par
\par
            6. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution\par
\par
            6.1. Amendment\par
\par
            This Agreement may be amended by DIGITAL FINANCE CORP from time to time upon written notice to the Client. Any such amendments shall be binding upon the Client as referenced in Clause 1.2.\par
\par
            6.2. Governing Law\par
\par
            This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Singapore, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.\par
\par
            6.3. Dispute Resolution\par
\par
            Any disputes arising from this Agreement shall be resolved through binding arbitration under SIAC Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted in Singapore in the English language, and the decision shall be final and binding as specified in Clause 6.2.\par
\par
            7. Miscellaneous\par
\par
            7.1. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, representations, and agreements as referenced in the preamble.\par
\par
            7.2. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect.\par
\par
            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.\par
\par
            DIGITAL FINANCE CORP\par
\par
            By: ____________________\par
            Name: Sarah Tan\par
            Title: Managing Director\par
            Address: 1 Raffles Place, #40-02, One Raffles Place, Singapore 048616\par
            Email: legal@digitalfinance.sg\par
\par
            CLIENT:\par
\par
            By: ____________________\par
            Name: [CLIENT NAME]\par
            Registration Code: [REG CODE]\par
            Address: [ADDRESS]\par
            Email: [EMAIL]\par
}